hey there subscribers torchy here let me
get situated in my chair there we go and
today I have another black ops
commentary for you guys this one is
another search and destroy game on
radiation and this game actually took
place prior to the nuketown Search and
Destroy if you can't if you can't tell
right now this one is a or this one is
when I am second prestige hopefully you
guys noticed in the last one was third
prestige plan on prestiging and i want
to say i want to go all the way but i
don't know we'll see I think we're going
to take it one prestige at a time
because um i don't know like i know i'm
gonna play this game a lot right I mean
this game is great for right now I mean
it's weak like what 45 and ink week five
maybe and it's pretty good I'm loving
this game right now I mean I have a
little I have a couple complaints here
and there but overall playing with
friends is and playing this game is
actually a lot of fun so we'll see how
far prestige and hopefully you guys
follow me on that journey on the journey
to 15th prestige possibly ? I don't even
know but let me talk about the load out
for this game I'm using the g11 really
solid gun I'm probably one of my
favorite assault rifles unfortunately
such a high level that by the time i get
like used to it or by the time i start
doing really well that I usually have to
prestige so yeah g11 saw a gun tried out
perks our flak jacket hardened and ninja
flak jacket obviously don't wanna get
killed by grenades and I throw on flak
jacket specifically because I hate
getting killed by RC cars i'm pretty
sure grammar there wasn't really
correct i'm pretty sure i'm just not
even talking correctly right now but i
don't even care because i'm just talking
to a computer and watching some fun
gameplay and um what else was I talking
about perks hard in it yes hardened pro
right I love my FM JS without the
sparkly bullets and hardened pro um it's
a good very solid perk I love using
solid perk solid gun I don't know a
great perk for a little for a bad player
like me if you guys can't tell i'm
actually not even that good I would
definitely classify myself as my clean
better than a average player but i'm
definitely not great i'm not a good
player at all my strategies in my
mindset aren't like amazing get stuck
and get stolen juicy box that's right
playing with the the infamous jzb juicy
box but i'll let him give you the outro
to this video with into this game you'll
you'll hear some game chat from him but
that'll come later so um hardened pro
great for bad player like me because um
i usually get hit first so they get
first shot on me and when i'm aiming
down sights harder to probe makes it so
i don't get you kicked and so that
really helps finally especially when
you're on host because you know getting
that one burst boom boom but last perk
ninja yes ninja it is in this game I
think an injured standard perk I've been
using ninja and dead silence a lot backs
it's called it before and I just hate
hearing my footsteps so um got to use
the ninja and plus I have turtle beaches
so and I'm getting stuck on a window how
do I get stuck on a window I don't know
anyway oh I am kind of tired fo fum yeah
get it getting the g11 hipfire probably
one of the most overpowered hip fires in
this game has hit five submachine gun
and it can one verse crossmap that's an
exaggeration obviously but um I think
this is going to be in yeah this is
where hardened pro comes in boom boom
I'm getting shot at and no view kick yes
no view kick um let's see what else can
I talk about this game you know I
haven't really talked about maps lately
I like the maps in this game for the
most part except for Hanoi array and i
think that's it I really don't like
those two any time the other thing I
just automatically either back out or
just choose random because honestly I
hate those maps but you know gotta play
him you should all got to get good at
them so um on the topic of maps let me
just talk about an opening route for
this um I think in the last when I was
on defense right yeah the last like
three rounds I ran underground and I
think I'm running on a groundout now so
yeah I think my favorite opening round
for this map is definitely going
underground it's about it's definitely
safer and I think going on top because
people like their spawn tomahawks
montage Grizz ballistic knife cross maps
you know and so I think that going
underground is definitely a better
choice and if you have a team just
communicate tell them where you're going
but yeah that's the game actually I was
really quick 60 flawless comment rate
subscribe tell me if you liked it and
I'm gonna give juicy box opportunity to
sign out here are your own piece that
Karen me like a pack life I've never
been really good job go ahead New York
audience
you